docs/scribing.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md)

## scribing package

Model for collaborative rich text editing

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BoxStyle](./scribing.boxstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to box content. |
|  [DefaultFlowTheme](./scribing.defaultflowtheme.md) | Provides a theme for flow content |
|  [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) | Represents an operation that edit the contents of a box |
|  [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) | Represents a batch of flow operations that are applied sequentially and atomically. |
|  [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) | Represents a flow box |
|  [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) | Represents a selection inside a flow box |
|  [FlowContent](./scribing.flowcontent.md) | Flow content |
|  [FlowCursor](./scribing.flowcursor.md) | Represents a position in flow content |
|  [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) | Immutable state record for a flow content editor |
|  [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md) | A piece of flow content. |
|  [FlowOperation](./scribing.flowoperation.md) | An abstraction of an operation that updates flow content. |
|  [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) | Represents a range of flow content |
|  [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md) | Represents a range of selected flow content |
|  [FlowSelection](./scribing.flowselection.md) | Represents a selection of flow content |
|  [FlowTheme](./scribing.flowtheme.md) | Provides a theme for flow content |
|  [FormatBox](./scribing.formatbox.md) | Represents an operation that applies a box style to a range of flow content. |
|  [FormatParagraph](./scribing.formatparagraph.md) | Represents an operation that applies a paragraph style to a range of flow content. |
|  [FormatText](./scribing.formattext.md) | Represents an operation that applies a text style to a range of flow content. |
|  [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) | Represents the source of a [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [InlineNode](./scribing.inlinenode.md) | Represents an inline node |
|  [InsertContent](./scribing.insertcontent.md) | Represents an operation that insert flow content. |
|  [Interaction](./scribing.interaction.md) | A base class for interactions |
|  [LineBreak](./scribing.linebreak.md) | Represents a line break. |
|  [NestedFlowOperation](./scribing.nestedflowoperation.md) | A nested operation at a specific flow position |
|  [NestedFlowSelection](./scribing.nestedflowselection.md) | A nested selection at a specific flow position |
|  [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) | An interaction that opens a URL |
|  [ParagraphBreak](./scribing.paragraphbreak.md) | Represents a paragraph break. |
|  [ParagraphStyle](./scribing.paragraphstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to paragraph content. |
|  [ParagraphTheme](./scribing.paragraphtheme.md) | Provides a theme for paragraph content |
|  [RemoveRange](./scribing.removerange.md) | Represents an operation that removes a range of flow. |
|  [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) | An interaction that runs a script |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) | Represents an operation that sets the expression of dynamic text |
|  [TextRun](./scribing.textrun.md) | A run of text with uniform styling |
|  [TextStyle](./scribing.textstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to text. |
|  [UnformatBox](./scribing.unformatbox.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a box style to a range of flow content. |
|  [UnformatParagraph](./scribing.unformatparagraph.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a paragraph style to a range of flow content. |
|  [UnformatText](./scribing.unformattext.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a text style to a range of flow content. |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ApplyMineOptions](./scribing.applymineoptions.md) | Options for the [FlowEditorState.applyMine()](./scribing.floweditorstate.applymine.md) method |
|  [BoxStyleProps](./scribing.boxstyleprops.md) | Style properties for box content |
|  [DynamicTextData](./scribing.dynamictextdata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [DynamicTextProps](./scribing.dynamictextprops.md) | Properties of [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) |
|  [EditBoxData](./scribing.editboxdata.md) | Data of [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [EditBoxProps](./scribing.editboxprops.md) | Properties of [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [FlowBatchProps](./scribing.flowbatchprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowBoxData](./scribing.flowboxdata.md) | Data of [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxProps](./scribing.flowboxprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionData](./scribing.flowboxselectiondata.md) | Data of [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionProps](./scribing.flowboxselectionprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowContentProps](./scribing.flowcontentprops.md) | Flow content properties |
|  [FlowEditorStateData](./scribing.floweditorstatedata.md) | Data for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowEditorStateProps](./scribing.floweditorstateprops.md) | Properties for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowIconData](./scribing.flowicondata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [FlowIconProps](./scribing.flowiconprops.md) | Properties of [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) |
|  [FlowImageData](./scribing.flowimagedata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [FlowImageProps](./scribing.flowimageprops.md) | Properties of [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [FlowRangeProps](./scribing.flowrangeprops.md) | Non-computed properties of a [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) |
|  [FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md) | Properties of flow range selections |
|  [FormatBoxData](./scribing.formatboxdata.md) | Data of format box operations |
|  [FormatBoxProps](./scribing.formatboxprops.md) | Properties of format box operations |
|  [FormatParagraphData](./scribing.formatparagraphdata.md) | Data of format paragraph operations |
|  [FormatParagraphProps](./scribing.formatparagraphprops.md) | Properties of format paragraph operations |
|  [FormatTextData](./scribing.formattextdata.md) | Data of format text operations |
|  [FormatTextProps](./scribing.formattextprops.md) | Properties of format text operations |
|  [ImageSourceProps](./scribing.imagesourceprops.md) | Properties of [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) |
|  [InsertContentData](./scribing.insertcontentdata.md) | Data of insert content operations |
|  [InsertContentProps](./scribing.insertcontentprops.md) | Properties of insert content operations |
|  [LineBreakData](./scribing.linebreakdata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [LineBreakProps](./scribing.linebreakprops.md) | Properties of line break nodes |
|  [OpenUrlProps](./scribing.openurlprops.md) | Properties for [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) |
|  [ParagraphBreakData](./scribing.paragraphbreakdata.md) | Data of paragraph break nodes |
|  [ParagraphBreakProps](./scribing.paragraphbreakprops.md) | Properties of paragraph break nodes |
|  [ParagraphStyleProps](./scribing.paragraphstyleprops.md) | Style properties for paragraph content |
|  [RemoveFlowSelectionOptions](./scribing.removeflowselectionoptions.md) | Options for [FlowSelection.remove()](./scribing.flowselection.remove.md) |
|  [RemoveRangeData](./scribing.removerangedata.md) | Data of remove range operations |
|  [RemoveRangeProps](./scribing.removerangeprops.md) | Properties of remove range opertions |
|  [RunScriptProps](./scribing.runscriptprops.md) | Properties for [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionData](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressiondata.md) | Data of [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionProps](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressionprops.md) | Properties of [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [TargetOptions](./scribing.targetoptions.md) | Provides options for the target flow |
|  [TextRunProps](./scribing.textrunprops.md) | Properties of a text run |
|  [TextStyleProps](./scribing.textstyleprops.md) | Style properties for [text](./scribing.textrun.md) |
|  [UnformatBoxData](./scribing.unformatboxdata.md) | Data of unformat box operations |
|  [UnformatBoxProps](./scribing.unformatboxprops.md) | Properties of unformat box operations |
|  [UnformatParagraphData](./scribing.unformatparagraphdata.md) | Data of unformat paragraph operations |
|  [UnformatParagraphProps](./scribing.unformatparagraphprops.md) | Properties of unformat paragraph operations |
|  [UnformatTextData](./scribing.unformattextdata.md) | Data of unformat text operations |
|  [UnformatTextProps](./scribing.unformattextprops.md) | Properties of unformat text operations |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BOX\_VARIANTS](./scribing.box_variants.md) | Read-only array that contains all box style variants |
|  [BoxStyleBase](./scribing.boxstylebase.md) | The base record class for [BoxStyle](./scribing.boxstyle.md) |
|  [BoxVariantType](./scribing.boxvarianttype.md) | The run-time type that matches box style variant values |
|  [DefaultFlowThemeBase](./scribing.defaultflowthemebase.md) | The base record class for [DefaultFlowTheme](./scribing.defaultflowtheme.md) |
|  [DynamicTextBase](./scribing.dynamictextbase.md) | The base record class for [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) |
|  [EditBoxBase](./scribing.editboxbase.md) | The base record class for [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [FLOW\_COLORS](./scribing.flow_colors.md) | Read-only array that contains all flow content colors |
|  [FlowBatchBase](./scribing.flowbatchbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowBoxBase](./scribing.flowboxbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionBase](./scribing.flowboxselectionbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowColorType](./scribing.flowcolortype.md) | The run-time type that matches text color values |
|  [FlowContentBase](./scribing.flowcontentbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowContent](./scribing.flowcontent.md) |
|  [FlowEditorStateBase](./scribing.floweditorstatebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowIconBase](./scribing.flowiconbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) |
|  [FlowImageBase](./scribing.flowimagebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [FlowRangeBase](./scribing.flowrangebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) |
|  [FlowRangeSelectionBase](./scribing.flowrangeselectionbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md) |
|  [FormatBoxBase](./scribing.formatboxbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatBox](./scribing.formatbox.md) |
|  [FormatParagraphBase](./scribing.formatparagraphbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatParagraph](./scribing.formatparagraph.md) |
|  [FormatTextBase](./scribing.formattextbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatText](./scribing.formattext.md) |
|  [ImageSourceBase](./scribing.imagesourcebase.md) | The base record class for [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) |
|  [InsertContentBase](./scribing.insertcontentbase.md) | The base record class for [InsertContent](./scribing.insertcontent.md) |
|  [LineBreakBase](./scribing.linebreakbase.md) | The base record class for [LineBreak](./scribing.linebreak.md) |
|  [LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains all list marker styles |
|  [ListMarkerKindType](./scribing.listmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches all list marker style values |
|  [OpenUrlBase](./scribing.openurlbase.md) | The base record class for [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) |
|  [ORDERED\_LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.ordered_list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains ordered list marker styles |
|  [OrderedListMarkerKindType](./scribing.orderedlistmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches ordered list marker style values |
|  [PARAGRAPH\_VARIANTS](./scribing.paragraph_variants.md) | Read-only array that contains all paragraph style variants |
|  [ParagraphBreakBase](./scribing.paragraphbreakbase.md) | The base record class for [ParagraphBreak](./scribing.paragraphbreak.md) |
|  [ParagraphStyleBase](./scribing.paragraphstylebase.md) | The base record class for [ParagraphStyle](./scribing.paragraphstyle.md) |
|  [ParagraphVariantType](./scribing.paragraphvarianttype.md) | The run-time type that matches paragraph style variant values |
|  [PREDEFINED\_ICONS](./scribing.predefined_icons.md) | Read-only array that contains all predefined icons |
|  [PredefinedIconType](./scribing.predefinedicontype.md) | The run-time type that matches predefined icon types |
|  [RemoveRangeBase](./scribing.removerangebase.md) | The base record class for [RemoveRange](./scribing.removerange.md) |
|  [RunScriptBase](./scribing.runscriptbase.md) | The base record class for [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionBase](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressionbase.md) | The base record class for [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [TextRunBase](./scribing.textrunbase.md) | The base record class for [TextRun](./scribing.textrun.md) |
|  [TextStyleBase](./scribing.textstylebase.md) | The base record class for [TextStyle](./scribing.textstyle.md) |
|  [UnformatBoxBase](./scribing.unformatboxbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatBox](./scribing.unformatbox.md) |
|  [UnformatParagraphBase](./scribing.unformatparagraphbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatParagraph](./scribing.unformatparagraph.md) |
|  [UnformatTextBase](./scribing.unformattextbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatText](./scribing.unformattext.md) |
|  [UNORDERED\_LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.unordered_list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains unordered list marker styles |
|  [UnorderedListMarkerKindType](./scribing.unorderedlistmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches unordered list marker style values |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BoxVariant](./scribing.boxvariant.md) | Box style variant |
|  [FlowBatchData](./scribing.flowbatchdata.md) | Data of [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowColor](./scribing.flowcolor.md) | Flow content color |
|  [FlowContentData](./scribing.flowcontentdata.md) | Flow content data is an array of [nodes](./scribing.flownode.md) |
|  [FlowRangeTuple](./scribing.flowrangetuple.md) | Data for a [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) represented by a tuple where the first value is the anchor position and the second value is the focus position. |
|  [ListMarkerKind](./scribing.listmarkerkind.md) | List marker styles |
|  [OrderedListMarkerKind](./scribing.orderedlistmarkerkind.md) | Ordered list marker styles |
|  [ParagraphVariant](./scribing.paragraphvariant.md) | Paragraph style variant |
|  [PredefinedIcon](./scribing.predefinedicon.md) | Predefined icon |
|  [TextRunData](./scribing.textrundata.md) | Data contract for a text run |
|  [UnorderedListMarkerKind](./scribing.unorderedlistmarkerkind.md) | Unordered list marker styles |

Commit message:

ops for setting icon path and image source

docs/scribing.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md)

## scribing package

Model for collaborative rich text editing

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BoxStyle](./scribing.boxstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to box content. |
|  [DefaultFlowTheme](./scribing.defaultflowtheme.md) | Provides a theme for flow content |
|  [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) | Represents an operation that edit the contents of a box |
|  [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) | Represents a batch of flow operations that are applied sequentially and atomically. |
|  [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) | Represents a flow box |
|  [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) | Represents a selection inside a flow box |
|  [FlowContent](./scribing.flowcontent.md) | Flow content |
|  [FlowCursor](./scribing.flowcursor.md) | Represents a position in flow content |
|  [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) | Immutable state record for a flow content editor |
|  [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) | Represents a dynamic text. |
|  [FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md) | A piece of flow content. |
|  [FlowOperation](./scribing.flowoperation.md) | An abstraction of an operation that updates flow content. |
|  [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) | Represents a range of flow content |
|  [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md) | Represents a range of selected flow content |
|  [FlowSelection](./scribing.flowselection.md) | Represents a selection of flow content |
|  [FlowTheme](./scribing.flowtheme.md) | Provides a theme for flow content |
|  [FormatBox](./scribing.formatbox.md) | Represents an operation that applies a box style to a range of flow content. |
|  [FormatParagraph](./scribing.formatparagraph.md) | Represents an operation that applies a paragraph style to a range of flow content. |
|  [FormatText](./scribing.formattext.md) | Represents an operation that applies a text style to a range of flow content. |
|  [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) | Represents the source of a [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [InlineNode](./scribing.inlinenode.md) | Represents an inline node |
|  [InsertContent](./scribing.insertcontent.md) | Represents an operation that insert flow content. |
|  [Interaction](./scribing.interaction.md) | A base class for interactions |
|  [LineBreak](./scribing.linebreak.md) | Represents a line break. |
|  [NestedFlowOperation](./scribing.nestedflowoperation.md) | A nested operation at a specific flow position |
|  [NestedFlowSelection](./scribing.nestedflowselection.md) | A nested selection at a specific flow position |
|  [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) | An interaction that opens a URL |
|  [ParagraphBreak](./scribing.paragraphbreak.md) | Represents a paragraph break. |
|  [ParagraphStyle](./scribing.paragraphstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to paragraph content. |
|  [ParagraphTheme](./scribing.paragraphtheme.md) | Provides a theme for paragraph content |
|  [RemoveRange](./scribing.removerange.md) | Represents an operation that removes a range of flow. |
|  [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) | An interaction that runs a script |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) | Represents an operation that sets the expression of dynamic text |
|  [SetIconPath](./scribing.seticonpath.md) | Represents an operation that sets the path data of an icon |
|  [SetImageSource](./scribing.setimagesource.md) | Represents an operation that sets the source of an image |
|  [TextRun](./scribing.textrun.md) | A run of text with uniform styling |
|  [TextStyle](./scribing.textstyle.md) | Represents the styling that is applied to text. |
|  [UnformatBox](./scribing.unformatbox.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a box style to a range of flow content. |
|  [UnformatParagraph](./scribing.unformatparagraph.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a paragraph style to a range of flow content. |
|  [UnformatText](./scribing.unformattext.md) | Represents an operation that unapplies a text style to a range of flow content. |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ApplyMineOptions](./scribing.applymineoptions.md) | Options for the [FlowEditorState.applyMine()](./scribing.floweditorstate.applymine.md) method |
|  [BoxStyleProps](./scribing.boxstyleprops.md) | Style properties for box content |
|  [DynamicTextData](./scribing.dynamictextdata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [DynamicTextProps](./scribing.dynamictextprops.md) | Properties of [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) |
|  [EditBoxData](./scribing.editboxdata.md) | Data of [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [EditBoxProps](./scribing.editboxprops.md) | Properties of [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [FlowBatchProps](./scribing.flowbatchprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowBoxData](./scribing.flowboxdata.md) | Data of [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxProps](./scribing.flowboxprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionData](./scribing.flowboxselectiondata.md) | Data of [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionProps](./scribing.flowboxselectionprops.md) | Properties of [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowContentProps](./scribing.flowcontentprops.md) | Flow content properties |
|  [FlowEditorStateData](./scribing.floweditorstatedata.md) | Data for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowEditorStateProps](./scribing.floweditorstateprops.md) | Properties for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowIconData](./scribing.flowicondata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [FlowIconProps](./scribing.flowiconprops.md) | Properties of [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) |
|  [FlowImageData](./scribing.flowimagedata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [FlowImageProps](./scribing.flowimageprops.md) | Properties of [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [FlowRangeProps](./scribing.flowrangeprops.md) | Non-computed properties of a [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) |
|  [FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md) | Properties of flow range selections |
|  [FormatBoxData](./scribing.formatboxdata.md) | Data of format box operations |
|  [FormatBoxProps](./scribing.formatboxprops.md) | Properties of format box operations |
|  [FormatParagraphData](./scribing.formatparagraphdata.md) | Data of format paragraph operations |
|  [FormatParagraphProps](./scribing.formatparagraphprops.md) | Properties of format paragraph operations |
|  [FormatTextData](./scribing.formattextdata.md) | Data of format text operations |
|  [FormatTextProps](./scribing.formattextprops.md) | Properties of format text operations |
|  [ImageSourceProps](./scribing.imagesourceprops.md) | Properties of [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) |
|  [InsertContentData](./scribing.insertcontentdata.md) | Data of insert content operations |
|  [InsertContentProps](./scribing.insertcontentprops.md) | Properties of insert content operations |
|  [LineBreakData](./scribing.linebreakdata.md) | Data of line break nodes |
|  [LineBreakProps](./scribing.linebreakprops.md) | Properties of line break nodes |
|  [OpenUrlProps](./scribing.openurlprops.md) | Properties for [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) |
|  [ParagraphBreakData](./scribing.paragraphbreakdata.md) | Data of paragraph break nodes |
|  [ParagraphBreakProps](./scribing.paragraphbreakprops.md) | Properties of paragraph break nodes |
|  [ParagraphStyleProps](./scribing.paragraphstyleprops.md) | Style properties for paragraph content |
|  [RemoveFlowSelectionOptions](./scribing.removeflowselectionoptions.md) | Options for [FlowSelection.remove()](./scribing.flowselection.remove.md) |
|  [RemoveRangeData](./scribing.removerangedata.md) | Data of remove range operations |
|  [RemoveRangeProps](./scribing.removerangeprops.md) | Properties of remove range opertions |
|  [RunScriptProps](./scribing.runscriptprops.md) | Properties for [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionData](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressiondata.md) | Data of [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionProps](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressionprops.md) | Properties of [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [SetIconPathData](./scribing.seticonpathdata.md) | Data of [SetIconPath](./scribing.seticonpath.md) |
|  [SetIconPathProps](./scribing.seticonpathprops.md) | Properties of [SetIconPath](./scribing.seticonpath.md) |
|  [SetImageSourceData](./scribing.setimagesourcedata.md) | Data of [SetImageSource](./scribing.setimagesource.md) |
|  [SetImageSourceProps](./scribing.setimagesourceprops.md) | Properties of [SetImageSource](./scribing.setimagesource.md) |
|  [TargetOptions](./scribing.targetoptions.md) | Provides options for the target flow |
|  [TextRunProps](./scribing.textrunprops.md) | Properties of a text run |
|  [TextStyleProps](./scribing.textstyleprops.md) | Style properties for [text](./scribing.textrun.md) |
|  [UnformatBoxData](./scribing.unformatboxdata.md) | Data of unformat box operations |
|  [UnformatBoxProps](./scribing.unformatboxprops.md) | Properties of unformat box operations |
|  [UnformatParagraphData](./scribing.unformatparagraphdata.md) | Data of unformat paragraph operations |
|  [UnformatParagraphProps](./scribing.unformatparagraphprops.md) | Properties of unformat paragraph operations |
|  [UnformatTextData](./scribing.unformattextdata.md) | Data of unformat text operations |
|  [UnformatTextProps](./scribing.unformattextprops.md) | Properties of unformat text operations |

## Variables

|  Variable | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BOX\_VARIANTS](./scribing.box_variants.md) | Read-only array that contains all box style variants |
|  [BoxStyleBase](./scribing.boxstylebase.md) | The base record class for [BoxStyle](./scribing.boxstyle.md) |
|  [BoxVariantType](./scribing.boxvarianttype.md) | The run-time type that matches box style variant values |
|  [DefaultFlowThemeBase](./scribing.defaultflowthemebase.md) | The base record class for [DefaultFlowTheme](./scribing.defaultflowtheme.md) |
|  [DynamicTextBase](./scribing.dynamictextbase.md) | The base record class for [DynamicText](./scribing.dynamictext.md) |
|  [EditBoxBase](./scribing.editboxbase.md) | The base record class for [EditBox](./scribing.editbox.md) |
|  [FLOW\_COLORS](./scribing.flow_colors.md) | Read-only array that contains all flow content colors |
|  [FlowBatchBase](./scribing.flowbatchbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowBoxBase](./scribing.flowboxbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBox](./scribing.flowbox.md) |
|  [FlowBoxSelectionBase](./scribing.flowboxselectionbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowBoxSelection](./scribing.flowboxselection.md) |
|  [FlowColorType](./scribing.flowcolortype.md) | The run-time type that matches text color values |
|  [FlowContentBase](./scribing.flowcontentbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowContent](./scribing.flowcontent.md) |
|  [FlowEditorStateBase](./scribing.floweditorstatebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowEditorState](./scribing.floweditorstate.md) |
|  [FlowIconBase](./scribing.flowiconbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowIcon](./scribing.flowicon.md) |
|  [FlowImageBase](./scribing.flowimagebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowImage](./scribing.flowimage.md) |
|  [FlowRangeBase](./scribing.flowrangebase.md) | The base record class for [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) |
|  [FlowRangeSelectionBase](./scribing.flowrangeselectionbase.md) | The base record class for [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md) |
|  [FormatBoxBase](./scribing.formatboxbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatBox](./scribing.formatbox.md) |
|  [FormatParagraphBase](./scribing.formatparagraphbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatParagraph](./scribing.formatparagraph.md) |
|  [FormatTextBase](./scribing.formattextbase.md) | The base record class for [FormatText](./scribing.formattext.md) |
|  [ImageSourceBase](./scribing.imagesourcebase.md) | The base record class for [ImageSource](./scribing.imagesource.md) |
|  [InsertContentBase](./scribing.insertcontentbase.md) | The base record class for [InsertContent](./scribing.insertcontent.md) |
|  [LineBreakBase](./scribing.linebreakbase.md) | The base record class for [LineBreak](./scribing.linebreak.md) |
|  [LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains all list marker styles |
|  [ListMarkerKindType](./scribing.listmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches all list marker style values |
|  [OpenUrlBase](./scribing.openurlbase.md) | The base record class for [OpenUrl](./scribing.openurl.md) |
|  [ORDERED\_LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.ordered_list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains ordered list marker styles |
|  [OrderedListMarkerKindType](./scribing.orderedlistmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches ordered list marker style values |
|  [PARAGRAPH\_VARIANTS](./scribing.paragraph_variants.md) | Read-only array that contains all paragraph style variants |
|  [ParagraphBreakBase](./scribing.paragraphbreakbase.md) | The base record class for [ParagraphBreak](./scribing.paragraphbreak.md) |
|  [ParagraphStyleBase](./scribing.paragraphstylebase.md) | The base record class for [ParagraphStyle](./scribing.paragraphstyle.md) |
|  [ParagraphVariantType](./scribing.paragraphvarianttype.md) | The run-time type that matches paragraph style variant values |
|  [PREDEFINED\_ICONS](./scribing.predefined_icons.md) | Read-only array that contains all predefined icons |
|  [PredefinedIconType](./scribing.predefinedicontype.md) | The run-time type that matches predefined icon types |
|  [RemoveRangeBase](./scribing.removerangebase.md) | The base record class for [RemoveRange](./scribing.removerange.md) |
|  [RunScriptBase](./scribing.runscriptbase.md) | The base record class for [RunScript](./scribing.runscript.md) |
|  [SetDynamicTextExpressionBase](./scribing.setdynamictextexpressionbase.md) | The base record class for [SetDynamicTextExpression](./scribing.setdynamictextexpression.md) |
|  [SetIconPathBase](./scribing.seticonpathbase.md) | The base record class for [SetIconPath](./scribing.seticonpath.md) |
|  [SetImageSourceBase](./scribing.setimagesourcebase.md) | The base record class for [SetImageSource](./scribing.setimagesource.md) |
|  [TextRunBase](./scribing.textrunbase.md) | The base record class for [TextRun](./scribing.textrun.md) |
|  [TextStyleBase](./scribing.textstylebase.md) | The base record class for [TextStyle](./scribing.textstyle.md) |
|  [UnformatBoxBase](./scribing.unformatboxbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatBox](./scribing.unformatbox.md) |
|  [UnformatParagraphBase](./scribing.unformatparagraphbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatParagraph](./scribing.unformatparagraph.md) |
|  [UnformatTextBase](./scribing.unformattextbase.md) | The base record class for [UnformatText](./scribing.unformattext.md) |
|  [UNORDERED\_LIST\_MARKER\_KINDS](./scribing.unordered_list_marker_kinds.md) | Read-only array that contains unordered list marker styles |
|  [UnorderedListMarkerKindType](./scribing.unorderedlistmarkerkindtype.md) | The run-time type that matches unordered list marker style values |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [BoxVariant](./scribing.boxvariant.md) | Box style variant |
|  [FlowBatchData](./scribing.flowbatchdata.md) | Data of [FlowBatch](./scribing.flowbatch.md) |
|  [FlowColor](./scribing.flowcolor.md) | Flow content color |
|  [FlowContentData](./scribing.flowcontentdata.md) | Flow content data is an array of [nodes](./scribing.flownode.md) |
|  [FlowRangeTuple](./scribing.flowrangetuple.md) | Data for a [FlowRange](./scribing.flowrange.md) represented by a tuple where the first value is the anchor position and the second value is the focus position. |
|  [ListMarkerKind](./scribing.listmarkerkind.md) | List marker styles |
|  [OrderedListMarkerKind](./scribing.orderedlistmarkerkind.md) | Ordered list marker styles |
|  [ParagraphVariant](./scribing.paragraphvariant.md) | Paragraph style variant |
|  [PredefinedIcon](./scribing.predefinedicon.md) | Predefined icon |
|  [TextRunData](./scribing.textrundata.md) | Data contract for a text run |
|  [UnorderedListMarkerKind](./scribing.unorderedlistmarkerkind.md) | Unordered list marker styles |
