docs/scribing.flowtableselection.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowTableSelection](./scribing.flowtableselection.md)

## FlowTableSelection class

Represents a selection of cells in a flow table cell

**Signature:**

```typescript
/** @sealed */
export declare class FlowTableSelection extends FlowTableSelectionBase 
```
**Extends:** FlowTableSelectionBase

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [classType](./scribing.flowtableselection.classtype.md) | <p><code>static</code></p><p><code>readonly</code></p> | import("paratype").Type&lt;[FlowTableSelection](./scribing.flowtableselection.md)<!-- -->&gt; | The run-time type that represents this class |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.flowtableselection.iscollapsed.md) | <code>readonly</code> | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertFlow(range)](./scribing.flowtableselection.afterinsertflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoveFlow(range, mine)](./scribing.flowtableselection.afterremoveflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [formatBox(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatTable(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [formatTableColumn(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [fromData(data)](./scribing.flowtableselection.fromdata.md) | <code>static</code> | Gets an instance of the current class from the specified data |
|  [getUniformBoxStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformboxstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform box style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.flowtableselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert()](./scribing.flowtableselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [insertTableColumnAfter(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablecolumnafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableColumnBefore(\_, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablecolumnbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column before the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowAfter(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablerowafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowBefore(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablerowbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row before the current selection. |
|  [mergeTableCell(content)](./scribing.flowtableselection.mergetablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that merges the selected table cells. |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [removeTableColumn()](./scribing.flowtableselection.removetablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table column |
|  [removeTableRow()](./scribing.flowtableselection.removetablerow.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table row |
|  [setDynamicTextExpression(content, expression)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setdynamictextexpression.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified dynamic text expression in the current selection |
|  [setIcon(content, data)](./scribing.flowtableselection.seticon.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified icon data in the current selection |
|  [setImageScale(content, scale)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setimagescale.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image scale factor in the current selection |
|  [setImageSource(content, source)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setimagesource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image source in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupAttr(content, key, value)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupTag(content, tag)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setmarkuptag.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup tag in the current selection |
|  [splitTableCell()](./scribing.flowtableselection.splittablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that splits the selected table cells (given that it is a merged cell) |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTable(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTableColumn(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unsetMarkupAttr(content, key)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unsetmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that unsets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [visitRanges(callback, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.visitranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |

Commit message:

- Add support for video in flow content - Let `FlowContentHtmlOptions.getImageUrl` return a promise - New XML schema version `https://cdn.dforigo.com/schemas/scribing-flowdoc-v2`

docs/scribing.flowtableselection.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowTableSelection](./scribing.flowtableselection.md)

## FlowTableSelection class

Represents a selection of cells in a flow table cell

**Signature:**

```typescript
/** @sealed */
export declare class FlowTableSelection extends FlowTableSelectionBase 
```
**Extends:** FlowTableSelectionBase

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [classType](./scribing.flowtableselection.classtype.md) | <p><code>static</code></p><p><code>readonly</code></p> | import("paratype").Type&lt;[FlowTableSelection](./scribing.flowtableselection.md)<!-- -->&gt; | The run-time type that represents this class |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.flowtableselection.iscollapsed.md) | <code>readonly</code> | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertFlow(range)](./scribing.flowtableselection.afterinsertflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoveFlow(range, mine)](./scribing.flowtableselection.afterremoveflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [formatBox(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatTable(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [formatTableColumn(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [fromData(data)](./scribing.flowtableselection.fromdata.md) | <code>static</code> | Gets an instance of the current class from the specified data |
|  [getUniformBoxStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformboxstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform box style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowtableselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.flowtableselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert()](./scribing.flowtableselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [insertTableColumnAfter(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablecolumnafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableColumnBefore(\_, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablecolumnbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column before the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowAfter(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablerowafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowBefore(content, count)](./scribing.flowtableselection.inserttablerowbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row before the current selection. |
|  [mergeTableCell(content)](./scribing.flowtableselection.mergetablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that merges the selected table cells. |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [removeTableColumn()](./scribing.flowtableselection.removetablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table column |
|  [removeTableRow()](./scribing.flowtableselection.removetablerow.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table row |
|  [setDynamicTextExpression(content, expression)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setdynamictextexpression.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified dynamic text expression in the current selection |
|  [setIcon(content, data)](./scribing.flowtableselection.seticon.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified icon data in the current selection |
|  [setImageScale(content, scale)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setimagescale.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image scale factor in the current selection |
|  [setImageSource(content, source)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setimagesource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image source in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupAttr(content, key, value)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupTag(content, tag)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setmarkuptag.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup tag in the current selection |
|  [setVideoSource(content, source)](./scribing.flowtableselection.setvideosource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified video source in the current selection |
|  [splitTableCell()](./scribing.flowtableselection.splittablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that splits the selected table cells (given that it is a merged cell) |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTable(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTableColumn(style)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unsetMarkupAttr(content, key)](./scribing.flowtableselection.unsetmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that unsets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [visitRanges(callback, options)](./scribing.flowtableselection.visitranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
