docs/scribing.flowrangeselection.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md)

## FlowRangeSelection class

Represents a range of selected flow content

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
/** @sealed */
export declare class FlowRangeSelection extends FlowRangeSelectionBase implements Readonly<FlowRangeSelectionProps> 
```
<b>Extends:</b> FlowRangeSelectionBase

<b>Implements:</b> Readonly&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt;

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [classType](./scribing.flowrangeselection.classtype.md) | <code>static</code> | import("paratype").Type&lt;import("paratype").RecordObject&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->, [FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt; &amp; import("paratype").Equatable &amp; Readonly&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt; &amp; [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md)<!-- -->&gt; | The run-time type that represents this class |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.flowrangeselection.iscollapsed.md) |  | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertion(range, mine)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.afterinsertion.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoval(range, mine)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.afterremoval.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [formatBox(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert(content, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified text style on the current selection |

Commit message:

set dynamic text expression and get uniform box style

docs/scribing.flowrangeselection.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md)

## FlowRangeSelection class

Represents a range of selected flow content

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
/** @sealed */
export declare class FlowRangeSelection extends FlowRangeSelectionBase implements Readonly<FlowRangeSelectionProps> 
```
<b>Extends:</b> FlowRangeSelectionBase

<b>Implements:</b> Readonly&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt;

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [classType](./scribing.flowrangeselection.classtype.md) | <code>static</code> | import("paratype").Type&lt;import("paratype").RecordObject&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->, [FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt; &amp; import("paratype").Equatable &amp; Readonly&lt;[FlowRangeSelectionProps](./scribing.flowrangeselectionprops.md)<!-- -->&gt; &amp; [FlowRangeSelection](./scribing.flowrangeselection.md)<!-- -->&gt; | The run-time type that represents this class |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.flowrangeselection.iscollapsed.md) |  | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertion(range, mine)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.afterinsertion.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoval(range, mine)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.afterremoval.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [formatBox(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [getUniformBoxStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.getuniformboxstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform box style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert(content, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [setDynamicTextExpression(content, expression)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.setdynamictextexpression.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified dynamic text expression in the current selection |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style)](./scribing.flowrangeselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified text style on the current selection |
