docs/scribing.flowcursor.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowCursor](./scribing.flowcursor.md)

## FlowCursor class

Represents a position in flow content

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class FlowCursor 
```

## Remarks

The constructor for this class is marked as internal. Third-party code should not call the constructor directly or create subclasses that extend the `FlowCursor` class.

The constructor for this class is marked as internal. Third-party code should not call the constructor directly or create subclasses that extend the `FlowCursor` class.

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [after](./scribing.flowcursor.after.md) |  | Iterable&lt;[FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md)<!-- -->&gt; | Gets an iterable sequence of nodes after the current position |
|  [before](./scribing.flowcursor.before.md) |  | Iterable&lt;[FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md)<!-- -->&gt; | Gets an iterable sequence of nodes before the current position |
|  [index](./scribing.flowcursor.index.md) |  | number | Gets the current node index |
|  [node](./scribing.flowcursor.node.md) |  | [FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md) \| null | Gets the current node when the cursor is positioned before the first, or after the last node. |
|  [offset](./scribing.flowcursor.offset.md) |  | number | Gets the current offset within the current node |
|  [position](./scribing.flowcursor.position.md) |  | number | Gets the current position |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [move(distance)](./scribing.flowcursor.move.md) |  | Gets a new cursor that represents the position at the specified distance from the current position |
|  [moveToStartOfNextNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofnextnode.md) |  |  |
|  [moveToStartOfNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofnode.md) |  |  |
|  [moveToStartOfPreviousNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofpreviousnode.md) |  |  |
|  [range(distance)](./scribing.flowcursor.range.md) |  | Gets a iterable sequence of nodes within the specified distance from the current position |

Commit message:

get paragraph style from cursor

docs/scribing.flowcursor.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [FlowCursor](./scribing.flowcursor.md)

## FlowCursor class

Represents a position in flow content

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class FlowCursor 
```

## Remarks

The constructor for this class is marked as internal. Third-party code should not call the constructor directly or create subclasses that extend the `FlowCursor` class.

The constructor for this class is marked as internal. Third-party code should not call the constructor directly or create subclasses that extend the `FlowCursor` class.

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [after](./scribing.flowcursor.after.md) |  | Iterable&lt;[FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md)<!-- -->&gt; | Gets an iterable sequence of nodes after the current position |
|  [before](./scribing.flowcursor.before.md) |  | Iterable&lt;[FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md)<!-- -->&gt; | Gets an iterable sequence of nodes before the current position |
|  [index](./scribing.flowcursor.index.md) |  | number | Gets the current node index |
|  [node](./scribing.flowcursor.node.md) |  | [FlowNode](./scribing.flownode.md) \| null | Gets the current node when the cursor is positioned before the first, or after the last node. |
|  [offset](./scribing.flowcursor.offset.md) |  | number | Gets the current offset within the current node |
|  [position](./scribing.flowcursor.position.md) |  | number | Gets the current position |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [getParagraphStyle()](./scribing.flowcursor.getparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the paragraph style at the current position |
|  [move(distance)](./scribing.flowcursor.move.md) |  | Gets a new cursor that represents the position at the specified distance from the current position |
|  [moveToStartOfNextNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofnextnode.md) |  |  |
|  [moveToStartOfNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofnode.md) |  |  |
|  [moveToStartOfPreviousNode()](./scribing.flowcursor.movetostartofpreviousnode.md) |  |  |
|  [range(distance)](./scribing.flowcursor.range.md) |  | Gets a iterable sequence of nodes within the specified distance from the current position |
