docs/scribing.nestedflowselection.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [NestedFlowSelection](./scribing.nestedflowselection.md)

## NestedFlowSelection class

A nested selection at a specific flow position

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare abstract class NestedFlowSelection extends FlowSelection 
```
**Extends:** [FlowSelection](./scribing.flowselection.md)

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.nestedflowselection.iscollapsed.md) | <code>readonly</code> | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |
|  [position](./scribing.nestedflowselection.position.md) | <code>abstract</code> | number | Position of the nested selection |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertFlow(range)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.afterinsertflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoveFlow(range, mine)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.afterremoveflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was removed. |
|  [formatBox(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatTable(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [formatTableColumn(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [getInnerContent(outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnercontent.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the inner content |
|  [getInnerContentFromNode(node)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnercontentfromnode.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner content |
|  [getInnerSelection()](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnerselection.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner selection |
|  [getInnerTheme(outerContent, outerTheme)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnertheme.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the inner theme |
|  [getInnerThemeFromNode(node, outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnerthemefromnode.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner theme |
|  [getOuterOperation(inner)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getouteroperation.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Wraps the specified operation so that it applies the outer selection |
|  [getSelectedNode(outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getselectednode.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the selected (outer) node |
|  [getUniformBoxStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformboxstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform box style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert(content, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [insertTableColumnAfter(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablecolumnafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableColumnBefore(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablecolumnbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column before the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowAfter(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablerowafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowBefore(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablerowbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row before the current selection. |
|  [mergeTableCell(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.mergetablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that merges the selected table cells. |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [removeTableColumn(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.removetablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table column |
|  [removeTableRow(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.removetablerow.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table row |
|  [set(key, value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.set.md) | <code>abstract</code> | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified property merged in |
|  [setDynamicTextExpression(content, expression)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setdynamictextexpression.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified dynamic text expression in the current selection |
|  [setIcon(content, data)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.seticon.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified icon data in the current selection |
|  [setImageScale(content, scale)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setimagescale.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image scale factor in the current selection |
|  [setImageSource(content, source)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setimagesource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image source in the current selection |
|  [setInnerSelection(value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setinnerselection.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Returns a copy of this selection with the specified inner selection merged in |
|  [setMarkupAttr(content, key, value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupTag(content, tag)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setmarkuptag.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup tag in the current selection |
|  [splitTableCell(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.splittablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that splits the selected table cells (given that it is a merged cell) |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTable(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTableColumn(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unsetMarkupAttr(content, key)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unsetmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that unsets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [visitRanges(callback, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.visitranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |

Commit message:

- Add support for video in flow content - Let `FlowContentHtmlOptions.getImageUrl` return a promise - New XML schema version `https://cdn.dforigo.com/schemas/scribing-flowdoc-v2`

docs/scribing.nestedflowselection.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [scribing](./scribing.md) &gt; [NestedFlowSelection](./scribing.nestedflowselection.md)

## NestedFlowSelection class

A nested selection at a specific flow position

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare abstract class NestedFlowSelection extends FlowSelection 
```
**Extends:** [FlowSelection](./scribing.flowselection.md)

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [isCollapsed](./scribing.nestedflowselection.iscollapsed.md) | <code>readonly</code> | boolean | Determines whether the current selection is collapsed |
|  [position](./scribing.nestedflowselection.position.md) | <code>abstract</code> | number | Position of the nested selection |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [afterInsertFlow(range)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.afterinsertflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was inserted. |
|  [afterRemoveFlow(range, mine)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.afterremoveflow.md) |  | Transforms the current selection so that its intended boundary is preserved after the specified range was removed. |
|  [formatBox(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [formatList(content, kind)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatlist.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified list format to the current selection. |
|  [formatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [formatTable(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [formatTableColumn(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [formatText(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.formattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that applies the specified text style on the current selection |
|  [getInnerContent(outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnercontent.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the inner content |
|  [getInnerContentFromNode(node)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnercontentfromnode.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner content |
|  [getInnerSelection()](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnerselection.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner selection |
|  [getInnerTheme(outerContent, outerTheme)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnertheme.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the inner theme |
|  [getInnerThemeFromNode(node, outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getinnerthemefromnode.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Gets the inner theme |
|  [getOuterOperation(inner)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getouteroperation.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Wraps the specified operation so that it applies the outer selection |
|  [getSelectedNode(outer)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getselectednode.md) | <code>protected</code> | Gets the selected (outer) node |
|  [getUniformBoxStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformboxstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform box style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformParagraphStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformparagraphstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform paragraph style of the current selection |
|  [getUniformTextStyle(content, theme, diff)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.getuniformtextstyle.md) |  | Gets the uniform text style of the current selection |
|  [incrementListLevel(content, delta)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.incrementlistlevel.md) |  | Creates an operation that increments the list level of the current selection |
|  [insert(content, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.insert.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts the specified content into the current selection |
|  [insertTableColumnAfter(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablecolumnafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableColumnBefore(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablecolumnbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table column before the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowAfter(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablerowafter.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row after the current selection. |
|  [insertTableRowBefore(content, count)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.inserttablerowbefore.md) |  | Creates an operation that inserts a table row before the current selection. |
|  [mergeTableCell(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.mergetablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that merges the selected table cells. |
|  [remove(options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.remove.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the content of the current selection |
|  [removeTableColumn(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.removetablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table column |
|  [removeTableRow(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.removetablerow.md) |  | Creates an operation that removes the selected table row |
|  [set(key, value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.set.md) | <code>abstract</code> | Returns a copy of the current object with the specified property merged in |
|  [setDynamicTextExpression(content, expression)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setdynamictextexpression.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified dynamic text expression in the current selection |
|  [setIcon(content, data)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.seticon.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified icon data in the current selection |
|  [setImageScale(content, scale)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setimagescale.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image scale factor in the current selection |
|  [setImageSource(content, source)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setimagesource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified image source in the current selection |
|  [setInnerSelection(value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setinnerselection.md) | <p><code>protected</code></p><p><code>abstract</code></p> | Returns a copy of this selection with the specified inner selection merged in |
|  [setMarkupAttr(content, key, value)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [setMarkupTag(content, tag)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setmarkuptag.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified markup tag in the current selection |
|  [setVideoSource(content, source)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.setvideosource.md) |  | Creates an operation that sets the specified video source in the current selection |
|  [splitTableCell(content)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.splittablecell.md) |  | Creates an operation that splits the selected table cells (given that it is a merged cell) |
|  [transformRanges(transform, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.transformranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
|  [unformatBox(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformatbox.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified box style on the current selection |
|  [unformatParagraph(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformatparagraph.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTable(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattable.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table style on the current selection |
|  [unformatTableColumn(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattablecolumn.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified table column style on the current selection |
|  [unformatText(style, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unformattext.md) |  | Creates an operation that unapplies the specified paragraph style on the current selection |
|  [unsetMarkupAttr(content, key)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.unsetmarkupattr.md) |  | Creates an operation that unsets the specified markup attribute in the current selection |
|  [visitRanges(callback, options)](./scribing.nestedflowselection.visitranges.md) |  | Transforms all ranges in the current selection |
